---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "E1: UI Basics Technical Essay"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2024-01-30
published: true
labels:
  - management information systems

---

WOD BrowserHistory 1
For WOD BrowserHistory1, I had to create a simple static web page. This WOD was personally the hardest for me and took me the most tries. It took me around 2 hours to complete and 4 tries until I was able to finally complete it all the way through and under the time needed. By my fourth try I completed it in around 24 minutes. The first 2 tries I would get stuck at exercise 5 and 6 where I had to create links and hyperlink. I realized that I did need help with the code so I had asked chat gpt to look through what I had. This helped me tremendously and I was actually able to complete it all the way through on my third try but it took me around 40 mins which was too long. So I restarted a fourth time and was able to complete it under RX time. However, this helped me gain more confidence with running servers and using basic HTML tags.
WOD BrowserHistory 2
BrowserHistory2 was a lot easier for me compared to the first one.I was able to complete it in 2 tries and under Rx time. The first try was actually very confusing when it came to changing the font because I was unaware of how the google fonts worked. I left tangerine for the first time and did not switch it to oswald but after I stopped recording I had to google it. All of the stress was worth it though since I got much more familiar with CSS styling.
WOD BrowserHistory 3
WOD 3 was another hard one as it took me three tries to finally get it done fully. I will admit I had to watch the example after my second try because I could figure out the spacing formatting. My formatting became very warped on my second try until I found out in the example that I need to add a cushion. I was still able to finish in Rx time by my third try but the first two tries did take me about an hour and a half. I did find it interesting to create the navigation bar and columns.

